♪
[indistinct chatter]
JAMES:
Just gotta make sure they didn't
redecorate while I was gone.
[chuckles]
[whooping, cheering]
Just giving me
a ride, huh?
He, we love you, man.
Welcome back.[laughs]
What are you doing here?
What do you mean,
what am I doing here?
Couldn't miss
your triumphant return.
And, you know, with everything
that went down, man, I, uh...
Thank you for saving my life.
Please.
Other way, bro. Thank you.
Yeah.
Nice to see everybody's still
at it while the boss is out.
[laughter]
Almost everybody.
Where's Walker?
Yeah. About that...
DENISE:
Your honor, Thomas Serano
is clearly a flight risk.
GRAHAM:Oh, the bigger risk to
my client, Your Honor,
is the D.A.'s office and their
fabrication of police reports.
[scoffs] That A.D.A.
is no longer part of my office,
nor does that have
any relevance
to this case.I'll decide that, Counselor.
A.D.A. Walker's behavior
under your supervision, though
appalling, doesn't necessarily
warrant a dismissal
of Mr. Serano's charges.
But Your Honor...However,
it certainly doesn't help
the state's credibility.
That, and given the fact
the defendant has
only minor infractions
from over 15 years ago...
I hereby grant Mr. Serano bail,
set at $50,000.
[gallery murmuring]
You did that.
I can't believe
that just happened.
Look, we knew this case
wasn't bulletproof.
Yeah, I know, I know, and
I-I half expected this,
but now that Serano's actually
out, he's a threat to my family.
I understand. But
the best thing that we can do
for this case is remain
completely on the up-and-up.
Okay?
I can't overstate that enough.
Yeah, I get it.
Do you? Because
your brother already
colored outside the lines
to try and take down
my husband.Okay,
what are you getting at?I just need to know
that you're not gonna try
something similar with Serano.
And more to the point, I need
to know that I can trust you.
Okay?
No lies, no omissions.
Just the truth.
Can you do that?
You know what,
if Micki taught me anything,
it's that the end
doesn't justify the means.
I'll go completely by the book.
Trust me. You have my word.
Ranger Walker.
Let's not do this.[clears throat]
You should listen
to your counsel.
It's been a while.
Tell me... how's the family?
Well, damn, she has
got you trained.
Okay, that's enough.
Thomas, please.
Hey, Serano.
Now I'm watching you.
DENISE:Cordell.
Yeah.
You good?Yeah, great, great.
Never better.Okay.
♪
Calling all bands?
Yeah. Figured I'd offer
The Side Step
as a venue
for all Austin songbirds.
Might bring in
a little money, too.
Oh. So that means
I'll get a raise.
You'll have to negotiate that
with your dad.
Hey.
Why don't you audition?
Okay.
That's-that's real funny.
No. No, no, no.
I'm being serious.
I mean, you were a hit
over the holidays.
Show everyone you can play
more than just "Jingle Bells."
[sighs]
It's-it's tempting, but...
no. I mean, you said you wanted
to bring money into this place.
The last thing Side Step or
Austin needs, for that matter,
is for me to headline a band.
You're in a band?Uh, h-hey, Faye.
Yeah...
Yes. Mm-hmm.
And you're playing
this Friday?
Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah,
we, uh... we are. Yeah, totally.
Would it be cool if I came
and recorded some content?
For my YouTube channel?
Uh... okay. Yeah.
That'd be cool.
Thanks, Auggie.Yeah.
♪ Hey, it's gonna
be a good day. ♪
What the hell did I just do?
SERANO: Mmm.
[clears throat] Mmm.
You know, I don't think I've
ever had a more perfect meal.
Happy to hear.
But we need
to discuss something.
[fork clatters]
GRAHAM: Dan Miller.
District attorney's
husband.
Yeah, what
about him?
It appears Earl Gibbons
made a substantial deposit.
We were also able
to gain access to his emails,
which suggest... he may have
passed off evidence
that implicates you.
English.
Dan Miller may have video
that links you
to the Walker surveillance op.
With that, you're looking at
five years per count.
Get off me.Ah...
The good news:
it's more than likely that
if Miller does have anything,
he hasn't shared it
with his wife.
And how do you know that,
smart guy?
Because you're eating a steak.
Miller may not be a problem.
He has a checkered past.
Even if he does
have something, maybe...
a deal could be made.
Look, I don't make deals
with vultures.
You find this, uh, Dan Miller.
You find out what he has,
you take it from him,
and you send his ass packing.
¿Entiendes?
As I live and breathe.
Ranger Walker.
Come, join us.
I highly advise against this.
No, no, no, no.
He can join us for a drink.
We can clear the air.
Say our piece.
That is, while
one of us still can.
All right.
Yeah, don't mind if I do.
Uh, fair point--
we didn't get a chance to
finish our conversation, right?
Why don't you tell, uh,
your nanny and, uh,
and the kiddos
to take a hike
so the adults
can have a little chat? Yeah?
Go.
Hey, out.
So, you got me
all to yourself.
So where were we?
[Walker chuckles]
Uh, well...
[clears throat]
I was gonna propose
that you, uh...
...surrender.
[chuckles]Just admit to everything
you've done, and maybe
you won't die behind bars.
Wow.
So, what--
is that it?
Wow, a man of your
stature really
shouldn't be embarrassing
yourself like this.
Your, uh,
little brother...
...dealt me a
"get out of jail free" card.
So all I have to do is just
sit back,
wait for my day in court.
That's true.
But...
...we both know you won't.
[chuckles]
Right?
You can't help yourself.
You're gonna
mess up again, Serano.
You always do.
And when you do,
next time, just know...
I'll be there.
Be seeing you.
Morning, kid.
Yeah, morning, Pops.
Hey, that isn't
for me, right?
No. Here, take this.
Thanks.
Nice.
All right, listen, kid.
Uh...
Mm. I want to talk to you about
that Austin Indie concert.
No, it... it's cool.
You're busy. I get it.I mean,
I hope you're not too cool
to rock out with your old man.
Yo. Wow![laughs]
Dad, that's...
This is...
Wha... [laughs]
Yeah. That's...
Dad, that's...
Wait, what's going on?
What's the matter?
Nothing, I wa-I was just...
I was hoping on, um...
Well, planning on asking, uh...
Stella.
Yeah. Dad, I know
you don't like her family,
but I-I...No, stop, stop.
You should take her.
You guys'll have a great time.
Absolutely. Just don't invite
her and her dad over for dinner.
Okay?Yeah, okay. [laughs]
COLTON:
All right.
Love you, kid.Yeah, love you, too.
Get out of here.All right.
Get out of here.[laughs]
Hey, give me a ride
to the office?
Yeah, just let me
grab my backpack.Okay.
That was generous.
You're really good with him.
Ah. Well, it's us
I want to get better at.
Yeah. Me, too.
Speaking of which: here.
One of my better ones.[laughs]
Mmm... Mmm!
Mm-hmm.
Mmm. Hands down...
best smoothie in Austin.
Well, that's not saying much,
but I was proud of that one.
[laughs]
So, listen, um...
please don't hate me.
I have to work late.Okay.
Serano made bail.
Uh, that-that seems dangerous.Yeah.
Especially with no evidence
connecting him to any crimes.
It's a big deal.
Uh, well, if there's
one person that can
make it stick,
it is my beautiful,
brilliant wife.
[chuckles]So how about this:
you put Serano in jail,
and then we can
work on us, okay?Okay.
All right.All right.
Love you.
Love you. Thank you.
Okay.
Taking this.[chuckles]: Okay.
It's delicious.[chuckling]
♪
[engine starts outside]
[horn honks twice]
[typing]
Hey, Earl, check it out.
[chuckles]
You picked a bad time
to start drinking.
Serano'll be here soon.
HORACE:
It's not beer. It's insurance.
Our backup plan in case
Serano tries to screw us.
[laughs]
EARL:
I like the way
you think, Horace.
[knocking]HORACE: Oh, damn, he's here.
SERANO:
Where you guys
been hiding out, huh?
So, how many cameras we talking?
20, as requested.
If the Ranger
forgets to floss,
you'll be
the first to know.
SERANO:
You just let me know
who he talks to.
And when the moment's right...
...we take a second shot at him.
[imitates gunshot]
♪
[tires screeching]
DRIVER:
Hey!
[rapping on window]
[rapping continues]
Who is it?
[rapping]
Yeah, yeah, I'm coming.
Hey. Whoa, Dan,
what the hell...Liam. Shut it, shut it.
What are you doing here?
Okay.
What is this?
What are you...It's your retainer.
You're my lawyer.
Dan. Get out of my
house, Dan. Now. Hey!
You need to leave, now.Stop. Listen to me.
This is serious, okay?
And b-believe me,
you are the last person
that I want to come to for help.
Whatever you're
mixed up in,
I'm not interested.Liam. I am not leaving
until you hear me out.All right.
[dialing]What are you doing?
I'm calling the police.Stop, don't call the police.
Stop! Stop!You are trespassing.
You don't understand.I'll have them drag
your ass out of here.
This is about
your family's safety, okay?
[line ringing]
What about my family's safety?
Speak.
I have evidence that'll
put Serano away for good,
and he's trying
to kill me for it.
What do you have?
What I have
is client-attorney
privilege, right?Fine.
How does this
affect my family?
Serano's gonna try
and kill your brother again,
and I have it on tape.
And he's also definitely
responsible for the illegal
surveillance in this house.
I was right about you.
Wha...This whole time,
I've been right.What do you mean?
What are you talking about?How'd you get that video?
Hmm?That doesn't matter.
Oh, it matters, Dan.It doesn't matter.
How did you get that?I stole it from the guy
who runs the place.
Now, can we focus?
Serano is on tape
conspiring to kill
a Texas Ranger.
That'll put him away for good.
You need this.
You need this. But I...
I want an immunity deal
and I want my identity
to be kept anonymous.
Oh... there it is.
What-what are you
talking about?
[scoffs softly]
You'll only do what's right
if it's good for you.
What?
Oh, come on.
[sighs] Fine,
Dan, I will help you.
But only because
I want that lunatic
off the streets.
But I can't
guarantee you anonymity.
Denise needs to sign off
on this. She...No, stop, stop. No.
She cannot know.
And I swear to God,
if you tell her or your brother,
I'll deny everything.
And then you're just gonna be
the little boy who cried wolf,
and whatever's left of your
lawyer career will be over.
Do you understand me?
Oh, my God.
You just never
make it easy, do you?
I promise you,
this is the best option.
For everyone involved.
Okay, fine.
Let me see this video.
Augie!
Augie!Hey.
Hey. I got the, uh...
Oh, this is everything.
You're welcome.
♪
Ranger.
Hey.
What's up?Uh, well...
...I was summonsed.
[indistinct conversation]
Okay, hold on,
a-am I... am I
missing something?
Gosh, it's a lot.
Yeah, let me
catch you up to speed, here.
Okay. Alacrity.
[sighs]
Let's see, uh, alacrity.
Mm... stingy?No.
It's "readiness,
eagerness, willingness."
Ah.Try a mnemonic device.
You know, like, to
help you remember.
Like, Alan is as
fast as electricity.
Alacrity.Okay.
Okay, got it. Um...
♪ Alan is as fast
as electricity. ♪
Oh, my God, that was good.
Okay. Um...
tenacious.
♪
Dude, these lyrics
are actually really good.
Should definitely
get Faye's attention.
Yeah, just don't
mess up my words.
Uh, what do you mean?
Bro, I don't sing.
Yeah, well, then...
you're-you're going to, right?
No.Dude, I...
I told Faye I was in a band.
Right? That means, like,
two or more people, you know?Dude.
You wanted me to write a song.
You didn't say anything
about singing.Great.
I guess I'm dead to Faye.
[scoffs]STELLA:
Jubilation.
TODD:
♪ Jubilation
♪ Is joyful
♪ And happy.
STELLA:
Oh, my God. Reclusive?
♪ Reclusive
is avoiding ♪
♪ Other company.
[laughs]STELLA: Yes, okay.
All right, all right,
I-I get...
I get Augie and-and Faye.
But... Stella,
on the other hand, uh...
Yes, okay, I get it.
But at least she's not
going for another guy
at community service.
Oh, yeah.Right?
There's that.
Yeah.
Okay, so, an adjective...
What?
Nothing.Come on.
Okay. You know,
I mean...
look at 'em.
I mean, even after
all they've gone through
these last couple years,
they're still
thriving.Well,
they're from good stock.
[chuckles]
Yeah, yeah. Thanks.
Um...
but I mean, um, I'm thinking
I can't help but worry, Ger.
Uh, with a guy
like Serano on the loose,
it's just scary to think that
my world could come crashing
down again, you know, like that.
Well, it could.
Or Stella will graduate.
Augie will continue
to steal hearts.
Hey. You do realize
that your kids are lucky
to have you as
a dad, right?
[phone ringing]
Sorry.
I got to get this.
Cap. Hey.
Yeah.
Okay. Course. On my way.
Uh, that was James.
He has urgent news
regarding Serano.
Uh, I got... I got to...
Go. Yeah.Yeah?
You-you got...?Yeah.
Thanks, Ger.
Morning.
[clears throat]
Hey.
What's going on?
[clears throat]
All right. Uh...
What's up?
Liam?
I have video evidence
that implicates Serano
not only in the illegal
surveillance operation
but also in the shooting
of you and Stan.
You... Wait,
how-how long have you had this?
LIAM:
Just this morning.
The video is in possession
of my client,
who they won't give it up
without an immunity deal.
If we agree not to charge
for the illegal recording
and the wiretap, then
we get the video,
which will end Serano.
Great.
Okay. So, so,
convince your client
to turn it over.
My client also wants
to remain anonymous.
Only the judge and myself
will know who they actually are.
Not even the people in this room
can know their identity.
Herein lies the problem.
WALKER:
Yeah. Um,
okay. Uh, well, I mean,
ultimately, this is your call,
but I think
we got to do whatever we can
to take Serano down.
Yeah, I know the stakes.
My client is very concerned
that their identity will leak.
And it's not lost
on anybody
who watches the news
what happens
when you try and testify
against Serano.
Be that as it may,
I am uncomfortable
giving blanket immunity
to a shadow.
I say we do it. Serano had guys
casing the bungalow last week.
Sooner he's off the streets,
the better.
Yeah. I agree with Cap.
Serano is a threat
to my family.
The longer he's out there,
the longer
my kids are in danger.
LIAM:
Come on, Denise.
Make the deal?
I'll call the judge.
This is highly unorthodox,
but if you have seen the video
and you will vouch
for its legitimacy,
then I'll make the deal.
Yeah.
I hope you know
what you're doing, Liam.
[playing "Good Days" by Dr. Joe]
♪ Only good days
♪ You came
No. ♪ You came AUGUST:Yeah.
Yeah. ♪ Came TODD:
♪ You came.
Yeah, that's good.
It's, uh, whenever...
Hey, what would it take
for you to go up there and sing?
Um...
Hypnosis.
[Colton and Stella laugh]
Hey, uh, Colton. Come
over here real quick.
Oh, what does he want?
I'll be right back.
[clears throat]
Hey, uh, rap with me
about these lyrics.
What? No, bro, I'm busy.[August chuckles]
Can we just get back
to rehearsing?Well,
who's your muse?
What?
This is about a girl, right?
Like, this is definitely
about a girl.
I mean, good vibes,
but I can feel the thirst
in your words
or something.Yeah.
It's just a song, bro.
Oh, word.
Okay. Okay, cool.
Wait, so,
can I just try
a few things, then?
Yeah, it's...
Do whatever. It's-it's cool.
It's fine.
TODD:
All right, ready?
[playing "Good Days"]
♪ Only good days...
What was that all about?Oh,
nothing.
Just Bruno Todd going all diva.
[Todd humming]
[snorts]
[grunts]
[door opens]
[grunting]
Dan?
Trey?
Trey, hey.Listen, man, I'm
sorry. Are you...
Are you good?
Yeah, I'm fine. Uh...
What are you doing here?
Checking in on the animals
while Abby and Bonham
are out of town. But
what are you doing here?
Uh, I-I just... I brought
some extra feed that I had.
So I just, uh... I checked
with Liam. It's all okay.
Wait, you...
You're giving them
your extra feed?
The Walkers?
Well, you sound like Liam now.
Yeah. I mean,
you can call him
if you don't believe me.
No, no, it's-it's all good.
[grunts]
So, uh, Colton.
How's he... How's he doing?
You know, speaking
as his guidance counselor.He's good.
He's good? That's...
That's the progress report I get
for $20,000 a year; he's good?
I mean, come on, level with me.
How's my kid?
All right.
All right, man.
Uh, Colton is...
Man, he's exemplary.
Good grades, no tardies.
I mean, ever since that
little parking lot brawl,
he's been perfect, actually.
It's tough being
the new kid in school.
Yeah, sure.
But honestly,
it's like Colton's been
there since day one.
He's a good kid.
And he's happy.
Mm.
And, uh, one thing's
for sure. He...
He loves you.
He's made that clear.
So, I don't know
what it is,
but whatever you're doing,
keep doing it.
It's working.
Thank you.
[phone buzzing]Yeah.
Yeah. Gracias.Do your thing.
[horse snorts]
Liam, give me good news.
MAN:
Is this Daniel Miller?
Yes, it is. Who's this?
Thomas Serano.
I have a deal for you.
Uh, I'm... I'm not interested.
Oh, come on.
Don't be silly.
You don't even know
what I have to offer.
There's nothing that you have
that I want.
Not even your wife
and son's lives?
What have you done?
Oh, nothing yet.
We don't have a deal.
But I won't hesitate
if I don't get what I want.
I don't know--
I don't know what you want.
Don't piss me off, Dan.
I can get to anyone I want,
even on the inside.
Your son Colton's
a senior, right?
So how's that, uh, SAT prep
coming along?
You son of a...
You touch one hair on his head,
I swear to God I'm...
Look, I won't.
So long as you do
what's right.
And don't you even think of
tipping off your wife
or the Rangers.
I'm watching.
Okay, I'm gonna, uh...
I'll-I'll text you a location.
That's a wise choice.
See you soon, Danny boy.
[indistinct conversation]
[phone buzzing]
Yeah?
DAN:
That deal I asked you to get?
Forget about it.
What are you talking about?
Look, even if I walk,
Serano will never
leave us alone.
Hey, for once in your life,
don't do something stupid, okay?
I need you to just hang tight,
and I will call you.
I can't gamble with
my family's life.
Cap, Cap, hey.
I have a real bad feeling that
the Serano deal is about to die.
What? How?
He's on the phone
with his client
right now,
and whatever's going on
has him clearly agitated.
You asked me for my help,
and against my better judgment,
I am helping you.
So just hold on and wait
until I call you.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm gonna take care of this.
Thank you anyway.
[phone beeps off]
Peterson?
Yeah?
Run that for me?
All right, I have a play.
I need you to back me.
I need a TAC team on standby.
I'm gonna need
a little more than that.
I know my brother, right?
He only takes on clients that he
truly believes are innocent.
And whoever is on the other end
of the line ain't that.
Okay, Walker, I can't authorize
this on a feeling.
He-he doesn't want to help them.
Take one guess as to
who that might be.
Yeah.
This may be our last chance.
[clears throat]
I'm running plates.
If we get a hit...
send in the damn cavalry.
Okay.Thanks, Captain.
DISPATCHER:
Calling Ranger 327.
327, come in.
Go for Walker.
This is Dispatch.
Got a hit on your
APB and license plate.
Okay, uh, what's the address?
10642 Main Street. The South
Congress Train Station.
Copy that.
Uh, contact Captain James.
Have the TAC team converge
on that location ASAP.
DISPATCHER:
10-4.
[indistinct chatter]
You have what I want?
How do I know
you're gonna keep your word
and leave my family alone?
You think I'm here
for my health?
I'm a businessman.
You give me what I want,
you never see me again.
That's not good enough.Well, I don't know
what to tell you.
I'm gonna tell you something.
I already have
a chip in play.
And if I don't
walk out of here,
or if something happens
to my family...Oh, listen to Chico.
Okay, you made your point.
Now give me what
I came here for.
[gunshot]
[panicked screams and shouts]
[grunting]
WALKER:
Texas Rangers!
Stay right there.
Everybody on the ground.
Come here. Come here. Up!
Serano! Nope, nope.
WALKER:
Hey, chief.
Don't think about it.
Drop the gun.
Drop yours, or you'll have
a mess on your hands.
Yeah?Yeah.
Do something stupid like that,
you're signing
your own death warrant.
I'm not gonna say it again!
Put the gun down.
Drop it!
[cries out]
Medical assistance!
Hey, man...
I'm going after Serano.
Everybody down! Go, go! Hey!
Serano!
Damn it!
[tires screeching]
[siren wailing]
♪ Show them love,
bring them peace ♪
♪ But they'll never have it
♪ Only living for
the money and greed ♪
♪ In a world full of
poor and brokenhearted ♪
♪ Never could help them
back on their feet ♪
[tires screeching]
♪ Let us welcome you
♪ To the brand-new disease
to the brand-new disease ♪
♪ Let us welcome you
♪ To the brand-new disease
♪ To the brand-new disease...
♪
[amplified]:
Texas Rangers. Pull over!
Serano!
Pull the car over.
♪
Hey, there, Serano. I told you
you'd do something stupid,
and here I am.
[tires screeching]
[trunk horn blaring]
Let me see your hands.
Serano! Hands where
I can see 'em.
[weakly]:
Oh, you got me, cowboy.
No.
Nah, nah, nah.
You ain't getting off
that easy.
You're gonna spend
the rest of your life...
Yeah, yeah.
That's not my style.
[sirens approaching]
I'll be seeing you.
[chuckles]
[Serano gasping]♪ Last one standing
♪ Got trouble on his mind
[exhales sharply,
stops breathing]
♪ If he sees you running
♪ Better pray
he's feeling kind. ♪
It's all here.
Everything you asked for.
You are immune from
all prosecution
for all past crimes
connected to Thomas Serano.
Even though he's dead?
Even though he's dead.
The hard drive
that you provided
implicates his entire network,
which I'm sure
Denise will want to
completely dismantle.
Uh...
I don't like you, Dan.
[chuckles]And even though you tried to
screw over me and
my family again,
you did your part,
so I did mine.
I got your immunity
and your identity sealed.
We're square.
I know the only way
you could have gotten
that hard drive
was if you were somehow
connected to Serano.
We both know that.
We also know that
you're my lawyer,
so you gotta keep
your mouth shut,
or else you're gonna be
disbarred.
And just remember,
a few weeks ago,
you were gonna be shot,
and I saved your life.
Yeah.So we're not square.
In fact, you owe me
a hell of a lot more.
Yeah, about that.
Just one question.
When you shot Earl Gibbons
in the back,
was that to save
my life or yours?
Defense of others
is one thing.
Committing murder
to cover up a crime,
that's another.
Uh...
hey, can you give me
one sec, honey?Yeah.
I'll grab a table.
[alt-rock music playing]
Congratulations,
Ranger Walker.
Serano is no
longer a threat.
Yeah. Thanks. Um...
Would have rather seen him
rot in prison.
Yeah. Me, too.
Is there, um, something
else on your mind?
Yes, actually. Uh...
Denise, you and I both know
who Liam's client was, right?
I can't say that I do, no.
Okay. Come on, Denise.
Liam's client didn't want
his identity kept from Serano.
He wanted his identity
kept from us.
I went to the train station
because I knew
whose plates to run.
And they weren't Serano's.
Careful, Counselor.
You're sleeping with the enemy.
[indistinct chatter]
Hey, uh, so,
can I, can I
ask you something?
Sure.
GERI:
All right.
Let's get this show started.
[applause]
Hello, everyone.
Thank you so much
for coming tonight.
We hope you enjoy this
very special performance
from Austin's own Sucker Punch.
[cheers and applause]
Thank you.
This performance is dedicated
to two special ladies
in the room
who brighten our day.
AUDIENCE:
Aw.
♪
♪ Only good days
♪ You came and changed things
♪ You made my worries
disappear ♪
♪ Even my dark days
♪ You always find ways
♪ To say those things
I need to hear ♪
♪ No more sorrows
♪ There's only tomorrows
♪ I only have good days
since I found you ♪
♪ Troubled times
and sleepless nights ♪
♪ I don't know how
I'll make it through ♪
♪ But then I wake up
thinking 'bout you ♪
You okay?
Yeah, I'm good.
♪ Don't need no money
♪ When every day is sunny
♪ It ain't even funny
how much I'm into you ♪
♪ Oh-oh
♪ No more sorrows...
He's great.Yeah.
♪ There's only tomorrow
♪ I only have good days
since I found ♪
All better.♪ I only have good days
♪ Since I found you.
[cheers and applause]
["Slow Dive" by Andrew St. James
playing]
Rough night?
No, ma'am.
You can call me Geri.
Yeah, I've seen
this movie before, kid.
Been in it a few times myself.
Yeah, they've just known
each other longer.
Should that matter?
I just-- It's whatever.
I-I do not care.
Well, for what it's worth,
um, I know what it's like.
Being the new kid in town,
don't look like their parents.You're...
You're adopted, too?
People make a lot
of assumptions about us.
Which is why you have to put it
all out there for Stella.
Okay? Tell her exactly
how you feel.
And don't leave it up
to being misunderstood.
Just like that? And then...
And then what?
I don't know.
But he's already made a move,
so... you better hurry.
You got this.
Yeah.
♪ You know I'm gonna
get there somehow ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh...
♪ Within me now.
LIAM:
All right, back to Serano.
Um, convoy's en route
to Austin now.
Should be able to question him
tomorrow.
No, I have my phone on me.
It's just a family thing.
Talk soon. Bye.
♪ Oh, how you lied
♪ Oh, you lie
with clenched fist... ♪
WALKER:
I remember taking a lantern
into the barn,
and leaving it there.
I know I did.
The fire in the barn,
Marv's death...
It's my fault.
ABELINE:
No, baby...
♪ And you lie, and you lie
♪ And still you lie.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org